Type of Cloud Services:

1. Infrastructure as a Service
   This tyoe of cloud offers users the necessary infrastructure to run, such as computers, networks, and storage. Users are able to create and run applications, but they also need to
manage the infrastructure as well. For example, if the application receives too many traffic, the user is responsible for scaling up the infrastructure to mee the needs. Also, if the
application reauires a more powerful computer, the user needs to increate the compute power of the infrastructure.
  In this cloud service type, the user and the cloud provider share the responsibility over the infrastructure. Although the user has more control over the infrastructure, they also
have more responsibility on the infrastructure.
  In Azure, an example to IaaS is Azure virtual machines.

2. Platform as a Service 
   Platform as a service also provides the necessary infrastructure to run applications as IaaS but as a user you do not need to create the underlying infrastructure. It is created 
and managed by the cloud company. An example to PaaS in Azure is Azure App Service. Users are less flexible in utilizng the infrastructure but they also have less responsibility. So
instead of managing the infrastructure, users can focus on running their applications. Particulary, PaaS services include scalabilty so users do not need to worry about increased
traffic or need for more powerfuş compute sources.

3. Software as a Service
  SaaS delivers software applications over the internet, on a subscription basis, eliminating the need for users to install, manage, or maintain software on their local machines
Users have little or no responsibility over the infrastructure. You simply login and use the service. An example to SaaS is Outlook.com. Also Azure offers Microsoft 365
and AWS offers Amazon Chime.

Tyoe of Cloud

1. Public Cloud
The public cloud is a cloud computing model where services such as storage, compute power, and applications are delivered over the internet by third-party providers. These resources
are shared among multiple users (tenants). In other wors, when you use public cloud, you share the underlying infrastructure with other users and companies.

2. Private Cloud
The private cloud is a cloud computing model where services and infrastructure are maintained on a private network exclusively for a single organization. When you use private cloud, 
you do not share the underlying infrastructure with anyone else. This can be done on premises as well as on the cloud.

3. Hybrid Cloud
The hybrid cloud is a computing environment that combines both public and private clouds, allowing data and applications to be shared between them. This model provides greater 
flexibility and optimization of existing infrastructure, security, and compliance requirements. This is the most used cloud type among all three.
